== ISpellThisRight Application

This application was designed to help the user improve his spelling abilities. As an English Major from Santa Clara University I understand the importance in having a good grasp of the English language. Because of this reason I decided to create an application that aids those who seek to improve their spelling abilities. 

== Instructions

In order to access this application you will need an active twitter account. Once the application has been authorized by your account you will see the game interface.

Before you click the sign in button you will need to chose a difficulty. Be aware that we have adopted the "DOOM" difficulty modes

I'm too young to die = Easy
Hey not too rough = Medium
Hurt me plenty = Hard

Within the game interface, you will need to input a letter at a time within the guessing box. The reason we decided to ask the user for one letter at a time is because it was the most efficient way of calculating you ability to spell that word correctly by counting the amount of letters you get wrong when spelling that particular word. 

The application records your highest score, it keeps track of your current score and gives you the ability to share your score on twitter. As of now this is only a 3 word quiz.

== Gems used

gem 'espeak-ruby'
gem 'omniauth-twitter'
gem 'http'
gem 'jquery-ui-rails'
gem 'twitter'

== Comments, Questions or Bug Reports

Please email me at lostaunaum@gmail.com

== Copyright 

Copyright (c) 2014 Marco Andre Lostaunau.